Adding About section (#135)
tierrun/tier: README.md

# Tier <!-- omit in toc -->

- [About](#about)
- [Install](#install)
  - [Homebrew (macOS)](#homebrew-macos)
  - [Binary (macOS, linux, Windows)](#binary-macos-linux-windows)
  - [Go (most operating systems and architectures)](#go-most-operating-systems-and-architectures)
- [Further Reading](#further-reading)

## About

> tier is a tool that lets you define and manage your SaaS application's pricing model in one place (pricing.json). Tier will handle setting up and managing Stripe in a way that is much more friendly for SaaS and consumption based billing models. Tier's SDK can then be implemented for access checking, metering/reporting, and more.

Reviewer: Capitalize

> [More detail and documentation is available here](https://tier.run/docs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[More detail and documentation is available on the Tier website.](https://tier.run/docs)
```

Best to avoid words like "here" and "click" in links.
